once upon
in an enchanted kingdom there was a
beautiful princess with skin as white as
snow and hair as black as night
ha her hair is not black its Raven and
she's 18 years old and her skin has
never seen the Sun so of course it's
good this spring mirror mirror on the
wall who's the fairest of them all Snow
White
what what it Snow White a classic tale
do you want to hear it gets a new
wrinkle but not wrinkles just banish her
to the woods is it just as you
instructed I'm impressed
you're not as pathetic and wimpy as I
have always believed that's the nicest
thing you've ever said to me
you're invited to discover the prince is
rich I'm going to marry him and then my
financial problems will be and untold
adventure organized a bowl we are gonna
sweep this kid off his feet of romance
I just know why it's the most beautiful
woman in the whole world a great
discreet mystery who are yous no white
no who no way
power doesn't fit well your must have
shrunken cinch me up he knew I was the
same size magic I'll choose the left
option puppy love
what am I supposed to do with a puppy
take back your kingdom there are so many
stories about the Prince saves the
princess it's time we change that ending
here with the bandits you're with the
Queen should we help her just doing
pretty good on her own you weren't
trying to stab me right now who tempted
to kiss here the bandits leader is a
sheep famous leaders know what feels
like crashing a wedding
here I was having such a good day
everyone has magic within them I
definitely have a happily ever after
thing going on Mirror Mirror anyone know
how to break a spell say hello to my
little friends and experience the untold
Adventures of Snow White